and the race table went all the way back
down to the blues chili mr. luck tries
to run it out of the 22 does that say
what the drummer's fans aren't happy one
of the defenders just taken out and back
play nowhere near the ball they're a bit
slack
last water into Woodcote and now it's
the Brumbies deep inside the 22 looking
for a bonus point straight kick will
might take this scrum they've scored off
the last 25 to 22 on that fifth is he
gonna take the tap Smith's
chap Jeff Manto saves his Fairbanks
why'd they go Hoyles coils good tackle
from Hollow
still there though and Fairbanks goes
into scrum-half gives it to poor Pheebs
and now hand back to Shepherdson to fibs
no to Miller looks up nobody the tree
I'll tell you what nobody in support of
him in Chapter Alexander she didn't need
it
by this point to the Brumbies who your
infants
Crash's over 30 points to 10 the Blues
they look to be out on their feet and up
they happy that from be what a second
off turn around 24 well it all started
from Mortlock giving it to Woodcock
we'll talk about that more Woodcock has
not moved since that I had the ribs open
maintain possession but soon after this
the Brumbies got their hands on the ball
and a minute later this is where it got
to continual pressure it was gonna be
Edmonds or Alexander Evans said give me
a go I'm back yeah oh yeah downward
pressure and on a falcon try face put it
down with his head he threw the dummy
and bang away he went yeah that's on the
line you know problem with that Rugby
League
damn I'll tell you what that hit on
Woodcock hurt Mortlock also because he's
getting treatment coming back in the
back play he was down for a little while
and he's not taking the kick at golf
Greg Clark is shattered oh yeah he saw
from what about would cough all-black
prop probably 40 tests would he have
played had to hurt yourself a winger hit
me he wasn't any wing enough doing what
it's a hundred and seven kilo Wigan and
it's Matt to Bowa trying to add the
extra two flags are up Mitchell Chapman
coming off the field to with a blood
bender looks of it and I
well we've got nigga never raised more
logs coming from the field 32 points to
1000 Mortlock caught him square in the
ribs to play here we've got Charlotte oh
is he still on
yeah Wilcox still on